courses/01-google-cloud.md, before:

### Coursera

| Course | Certificate |
| :----- | :----- |
| [**Preparing for Google Cloud Certification: Cloud Engineer Professional Certificate**](https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/cloud-engineering-gcp) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/01-01-coursera/preparing-for-google-cloud-certification-cloud-engineer-professional-certificate/preparing-for-google-cloud-certification-cloud-engineer.pdf) |
| [Preparing for Your Associate Cloud Engineer Journey](https://www.coursera.org/learn/preparing-cloud-associate-cloud-engineer-exam?specialization=cloud-engineering-gcp) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/01-01-coursera/preparing-for-google-cloud-certification-cloud-engineer-professional-certificate/preparing-for-your-associate-cloud-engineer-journey.pdf) |
| [Architecting with Google Kubernetes Engine: Foundations](https://www.coursera.org/learn/foundations-google-kubernetes-engine-gke?specialization=cloud-engineering-gcp) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/01-01-coursera/preparing-for-google-cloud-certification-cloud-engineer-professional-certificate/architecting-with-google-kubernetes-engine-foundations.pdf) |
| [Elastic Google Cloud Infrastructure: Scaling and Automation](https://www.coursera.org/learn/gcp-infrastructure-scaling-automation?specialization=cloud-engineering-gcp) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/01-01-coursera/preparing-for-google-cloud-certification-cloud-engineer-professional-certificate/elastic-google-cloud-infrastructure-scaling-and-automation.pdf) |
| [Essential Google Cloud Infrastructure: Core Services](https://www.coursera.org/learn/gcp-infrastructure-core-services?specialization=cloud-engineering-gcp) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/01-01-coursera/preparing-for-google-cloud-certification-cloud-engineer-professional-certificate/essential-google-cloud-infrastructure-core-services.pdf) |
| [Essential Google Cloud Infrastructure: Foundation](https://www.coursera.org/learn/gcp-infrastructure-foundation?specialization=cloud-engineering-gcp) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/01-01-coursera/preparing-for-google-cloud-certification-cloud-engineer-professional-certificate/essential-google-cloud-infrastructure-foundation.pdf) |
| [Google Cloud Fundamentals: Core Infrastructure](https://www.coursera.org/learn/gcp-fundamentals?specialization=cloud-engineering-gcp) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/01-01-coursera/preparing-for-google-cloud-certification-cloud-engineer-professional-certificate/google-cloud-fundamentals-core-infrastructure.pdf) |

| Course | Certificate |
| :----- | :----- |
| [**Google Cloud Digital Leader Training Professional Certificate**](https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/google-cloud-digital-leader-training) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/01-01-coursera/google-cloud-digital-leader-training/google-cloud-digital-leader-training.pdf) |
| [Scaling with Google Cloud Operations](https://www.coursera.org/learn/understanding-google-cloud-security-and-operations?specialization=google-cloud-digital-leader-training) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/01-01-coursera/google-cloud-digital-leader-training/scaling-with-google-cloud-operations.pdf) |
| [Trust and Security with Google Cloud](https://www.coursera.org/learn/trust-and-security-with-google-cloud?specialization=google-cloud-digital-leader-training) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/01-01-coursera/google-cloud-digital-leader-training/trust-and-security-with-google-cloud.pdf) |
| [Modernize Infrastructure and Applications with Google Cloud](https://www.coursera.org/learn/google-cloud-product-fundamentals?specialization=google-cloud-digital-leader-training) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/01-01-coursera/google-cloud-digital-leader-training/modernize-infrastructure-and-applications-with-google-cloud.pdf) |
| [Innovating with Google Cloud Artificial Intelligence](https://www.coursera.org/learn/innovating-with-google-cloud-artificial-intelligence?specialization=google-cloud-digital-leader-training) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/01-01-coursera/google-cloud-digital-leader-training/innovating-with-google-cloud-artificial-intelligence.pdf) |
| [Exploring Data Transformation with Google Cloud](https://www.coursera.org/learn/innovating-with-data-google-cloud?specialization=google-cloud-digital-leader-training) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/01-01-coursera/google-cloud-digital-leader-training/exploring-data-transformation-with-google-cloud.pdf) |
| [Digital Transformation with Google Cloud](https://www.coursera.org/learn/digital-transformation-google-cloud?specialization=google-cloud-digital-leader-training) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/01-01-coursera/google-cloud-digital-leader-training/digital-transformation-with-google-cloud.pdf) |

| Course | Certificate |
| :----- | :----- |
| [**Architecting with Google Compute Engine Specialization**](https://www.coursera.org/specializations/gcp-architecture) | **QUEUED** |
| [Reliable Google Cloud Infrastructure: Design and Process]() | **QUEUED** |
| [Elastic Google Cloud Infrastructure: Scaling and Automation](https://www.coursera.org/learn/gcp-infrastructure-scaling-automation?specialization=gcp-architecture) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/01-01-coursera/architecting-with-google-compute-engine-specialization/elastic-google-cloud-infrastructure-scaling-and-automation.pdf) |
| [Essential Google Cloud Infrastructure: Core Services](https://www.coursera.org/learn/gcp-infrastructure-core-services?specialization=gcp-architecture) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/01-01-coursera/architecting-with-google-compute-engine-specialization/essential-google-cloud-infrastructure-core-services.pdf) |
| [Essential Google Cloud Infrastructure: Foundation](https://www.coursera.org/learn/gcp-infrastructure-foundation?specialization=gcp-architecture) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/01-01-coursera/architecting-with-google-compute-engine-specialization/essential-google-cloud-infrastructure-foundation.pdf) |
| [Google Cloud Fundamentals: Core Infrastructure](https://www.coursera.org/learn/gcp-fundamentals?specialization=gcp-architecture) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/01-01-coursera/architecting-with-google-compute-engine-specialization/google-cloud-fundamentals-core-infrastructure.pdf) |

| Course | Certificate |
| :----- | :----- |
| [**Architecting with Google Kubernetes Engine Specialization**](https://www.coursera.org/specializations/architecting-google-kubernetes-engine) | **QUEUED** |
| [Architecting with Google Kubernetes Engine: Production](https://www.coursera.org/learn/deploying-secure-kubernetes-containers-in-production?specialization=architecting-google-kubernetes-engine) | **QUEUED** |
| [Architecting with Google Kubernetes Engine: Workloads](https://www.coursera.org/learn/deploying-workloads-google-kubernetes-engine-gke?specialization=architecting-google-kubernetes-engine) | **QUEUED** |
| [Getting Started with Google Kubernetes Engine](https://www.coursera.org/learn/google-kubernetes-engine?specialization=architecting-google-kubernetes-engine) | **QUEUED** |

| Course | Certificate |
| :----- | :----- |
| [**Security in Google Cloud Specialization**](https://www.coursera.org/specializations/security-google-cloud-platform) | **QUEUED** |
| [Mitigating Security Vulnerabilities on Google Cloud](https://www.coursera.org/learn/mitigating-security-vulnerabilites-gcp?specialization=security-google-cloud-platform) | **QUEUED** |
| [Security Best Practices in Google Cloud](https://www.coursera.org/learn/security-best-practices-in-google-cloud?specialization=security-google-cloud-platform) | **QUEUED** |
| [Managing Security in Google Cloud](https://www.coursera.org/learn/managing-security-in-google-cloud-platform?specialization=security-google-cloud-platform) | **QUEUED** |
| [Google Cloud Fundamentals: Core Infrastructure](https://www.coursera.org/learn/gcp-fundamentals?specialization=security-google-cloud-platform) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/01-01-coursera/security-in-google-cloud-specialization/google-cloud-fundamentals-core-infrastructure.pdf) |

| Course | Certificate |
| :----- | :----- |
| [**Networking in Google Cloud Specialization**](https://www.coursera.org/specializations/networking-google-cloud-platform) | **QUEUED** |
| [Networking in Google Cloud: Routing and Addressing](https://www.coursera.org/learn/networking-gcp-hybrid-connectivity-network-management?specialization=networking-google-cloud-platform) | **QUEUED** |
| [Networking in Google Cloud: Fundamentals](https://www.coursera.org/learn/networking-gcp-defining-implementing-networks?specialization=networking-google-cloud-platform) | **QUEUED** |
| [Google Cloud Fundamentals: Core Infrastructure](https://www.coursera.org/learn/gcp-fundamentals?specialization=networking-google-cloud-platform) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/01-01-coursera/networking-in-google-cloud-specialization/google-cloud-fundamentals-core-infrastructure.pdf) |

### QA

| Course | Certificate |
| :----- | :----- |
| [Google Associate Cloud Engineer Exam Preparation](https://platform.qa.com/learning-paths/google-associate-cloud-engineer-exam-preparation-844/) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/02-01-cloudacademy/google-associate-cloud-engineer-exam-preparation.pdf) |
| [Google Cloud Digital Leader Exam Preparation](https://platform.qa.com/learning-paths/google-cloud-digital-leader-exam-preparation-1-4155/) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/02-01-cloudacademy/google-cloud-digital-leader-exam-preparation.pdf) |
| [Google BigQuery](https://platform.qa.com/learning-paths/google-bigquery-44/) | **QUEUED** |
| [Developing for Google Kubernetes Engine](https://platform.qa.com/learning-paths/developing-for-google-kubernetes-engine-3754/) | **QUEUED** |
| [Architecting with Google Kubernetes Engine](https://platform.qa.com/learning-paths/architecting-with-google-kubernetes-engine-3751/) | **QUEUED** |
| [Google Cloud Platform for Cloud Engineers](https://platform.qa.com/learning-paths/google-cloud-platform-for-system-administrators-56/) | **QUEUED** |
| [Deepen Your GCP Knowledge](https://platform.qa.com/learning-paths/deepen-your-gcp-knowledge-5665/) | **QUEUED** |
| [Google Cloud Platform Technical Essentials](https://platform.qa.com/learning-paths/google-cloud-platform-technical-essentials-3755/) | **QUEUED** |
| [Google Cloud Platform Fundamentals](https://platform.qa.com/learning-paths/google-cloud-platform-fundamentals-54/) | **QUEUED** |

### A Cloud Guru

| Course | Certificate |
| :----- | :----- |
| [Google Certified Associate Cloud Engineer](https://www.pluralsight.com/cloud-guru/courses/google-certified-associate-cloud-engineer) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/03-01-acloudguru/google-certified-associate-cloud-engineer.pdf) |
| [Google Cloud Certified Cloud Digital Leader](https://www.pluralsight.com/cloud-guru/courses/google-cloud-certified-cloud-digital-leader) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/03-01-acloudguru/google-cloud-certified-cloud-digital-leader.pdf) |

### Google Cloud Skills Boost

| [**Cloud Engineer Learning Path**](https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/paths/11) |  |
| :----- | :----- |
| [Build Infrastructure with Terraform on Google Cloud](https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/paths/11/course_templates/636) | [**LINK**](https://www.credly.com/badges/bc882b72-5a4b-4bfb-8e90-866bd5402a52/public_url) |
| [Develop your Google Cloud Network](https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/paths/11/course_templates/625) | [**LINK**](https://www.credly.com/badges/e0d174d7-0247-430c-9653-02ee04174744/public_url) |
| [Set Up an App Dev Environment on Google Cloud](https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/paths/11/course_templates/637) | [**LINK**](https://www.credly.com/badges/ccbb1890-a9a3-4a23-8e3c-52876c5dbafc/public_url) |
| [Implement Load Balancing on Compute Engine](https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/paths/11/course_templates/648) | [**LINK**](https://www.credly.com/badges/1d702ede-b34d-406f-89e8-e5beb8389b5c/public_url) |
| [Getting Started with Terraform for Google Cloud](https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/paths/11/course_templates/443) | [**LINK**](https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/public_profiles/93955917-e174-4ff0-addf-c98b6f3a9dcb/badges/10917903) |
| [Observability in Google Cloud](https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/paths/11/course_templates/864) | [**LINK**](https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/public_profiles/93955917-e174-4ff0-addf-c98b6f3a9dcb/badges/10739551) |
| [Logging and Monitoring in Google Cloud](https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/paths/11/course_templates/99) | [**LINK**](https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/public_profiles/93955917-e174-4ff0-addf-c98b6f3a9dcb/badges/10672318) |
| [Getting Started with Google Kubernetes Engine](https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/paths/11/course_templates/2) | [**LINK**](https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/public_profiles/93955917-e174-4ff0-addf-c98b6f3a9dcb/badges/10556976) |
| [Elastic Google Cloud Infrastructure: Scaling and Automation](https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/paths/11/course_templates/178) | [**LINK**](https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/public_profiles/93955917-e174-4ff0-addf-c98b6f3a9dcb/badges/10502497) |
| [Essential Google Cloud Infrastructure: Core Services](https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/paths/11/course_templates/49) | [**LINK**](https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/public_profiles/93955917-e174-4ff0-addf-c98b6f3a9dcb/badges/9996041) |
| [Essential Google Cloud Infrastructure: Foundation](https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/paths/11/course_templates/50) | [**LINK**](https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/public_profiles/93955917-e174-4ff0-addf-c98b6f3a9dcb/badges/9900046) |
| [Google Cloud Fundamentals: Core Infrastructure](https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/paths/11/course_templates/60) | [**LINK**](https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/public_profiles/93955917-e174-4ff0-addf-c98b6f3a9dcb/badges/9857451) |
| [Preparing for Your Associate Cloud Engineer Journey](https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/paths/11/course_templates/77) | [**LINK**](https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/public_profiles/93955917-e174-4ff0-addf-c98b6f3a9dcb/badges/9808697) |

| [**Cloud Digital Leader Learning Path**](https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/paths/9) |  |
| :----- | :----- |
| [Scaling with Google Cloud Operations](https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/paths/9/course_templates/271) | [**LINK**](https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/public_profiles/93955917-e174-4ff0-addf-c98b6f3a9dcb/badges/5041150) |
| [Trust and Security with Google Cloud](https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/paths/9/course_templates/945) | [**LINK**](https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/public_profiles/93955917-e174-4ff0-addf-c98b6f3a9dcb/badges/9317689) |
| [Modernize Infrastructure and Applications with Google Cloud](https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/paths/9/course_templates/265) | [**LINK**](https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/public_profiles/93955917-e174-4ff0-addf-c98b6f3a9dcb/badges/5037838) |
| [Innovating with Google Cloud Artificial Intelligence](https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/paths/9/course_templates/946) | [**LINK**](https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/public_profiles/93955917-e174-4ff0-addf-c98b6f3a9dcb/badges/9305170) |
| [Exploring Data Transformation with Google Cloud](https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/paths/9/course_templates/267) | [**LINK**](https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/public_profiles/93955917-e174-4ff0-addf-c98b6f3a9dcb/badges/5014729) |
| [Digital Transformation with Google Cloud](https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/paths/9/course_templates/266) | [**LINK**](https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/public_profiles/93955917-e174-4ff0-addf-c98b6f3a9dcb/badges/5002699) |

Commit message:

Add A Cloud Guru courses on Google Cloud

courses/01-google-cloud.md, after:

### Coursera

| Course | Certificate |
| :----- | :----- |
| [**Preparing for Google Cloud Certification: Cloud Engineer Professional Certificate**](https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/cloud-engineering-gcp) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/01-01-coursera/preparing-for-google-cloud-certification-cloud-engineer-professional-certificate/preparing-for-google-cloud-certification-cloud-engineer.pdf) |
| [Preparing for Your Associate Cloud Engineer Journey](https://www.coursera.org/learn/preparing-cloud-associate-cloud-engineer-exam?specialization=cloud-engineering-gcp) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/01-01-coursera/preparing-for-google-cloud-certification-cloud-engineer-professional-certificate/preparing-for-your-associate-cloud-engineer-journey.pdf) |
| [Architecting with Google Kubernetes Engine: Foundations](https://www.coursera.org/learn/foundations-google-kubernetes-engine-gke?specialization=cloud-engineering-gcp) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/01-01-coursera/preparing-for-google-cloud-certification-cloud-engineer-professional-certificate/architecting-with-google-kubernetes-engine-foundations.pdf) |
| [Elastic Google Cloud Infrastructure: Scaling and Automation](https://www.coursera.org/learn/gcp-infrastructure-scaling-automation?specialization=cloud-engineering-gcp) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/01-01-coursera/preparing-for-google-cloud-certification-cloud-engineer-professional-certificate/elastic-google-cloud-infrastructure-scaling-and-automation.pdf) |
| [Essential Google Cloud Infrastructure: Core Services](https://www.coursera.org/learn/gcp-infrastructure-core-services?specialization=cloud-engineering-gcp) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/01-01-coursera/preparing-for-google-cloud-certification-cloud-engineer-professional-certificate/essential-google-cloud-infrastructure-core-services.pdf) |
| [Essential Google Cloud Infrastructure: Foundation](https://www.coursera.org/learn/gcp-infrastructure-foundation?specialization=cloud-engineering-gcp) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/01-01-coursera/preparing-for-google-cloud-certification-cloud-engineer-professional-certificate/essential-google-cloud-infrastructure-foundation.pdf) |
| [Google Cloud Fundamentals: Core Infrastructure](https://www.coursera.org/learn/gcp-fundamentals?specialization=cloud-engineering-gcp) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/01-01-coursera/preparing-for-google-cloud-certification-cloud-engineer-professional-certificate/google-cloud-fundamentals-core-infrastructure.pdf) |

| Course | Certificate |
| :----- | :----- |
| [**Google Cloud Digital Leader Training Professional Certificate**](https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/google-cloud-digital-leader-training) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/01-01-coursera/google-cloud-digital-leader-training/google-cloud-digital-leader-training.pdf) |
| [Scaling with Google Cloud Operations](https://www.coursera.org/learn/understanding-google-cloud-security-and-operations?specialization=google-cloud-digital-leader-training) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/01-01-coursera/google-cloud-digital-leader-training/scaling-with-google-cloud-operations.pdf) |
| [Trust and Security with Google Cloud](https://www.coursera.org/learn/trust-and-security-with-google-cloud?specialization=google-cloud-digital-leader-training) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/01-01-coursera/google-cloud-digital-leader-training/trust-and-security-with-google-cloud.pdf) |
| [Modernize Infrastructure and Applications with Google Cloud](https://www.coursera.org/learn/google-cloud-product-fundamentals?specialization=google-cloud-digital-leader-training) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/01-01-coursera/google-cloud-digital-leader-training/modernize-infrastructure-and-applications-with-google-cloud.pdf) |
| [Innovating with Google Cloud Artificial Intelligence](https://www.coursera.org/learn/innovating-with-google-cloud-artificial-intelligence?specialization=google-cloud-digital-leader-training) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/01-01-coursera/google-cloud-digital-leader-training/innovating-with-google-cloud-artificial-intelligence.pdf) |
| [Exploring Data Transformation with Google Cloud](https://www.coursera.org/learn/innovating-with-data-google-cloud?specialization=google-cloud-digital-leader-training) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/01-01-coursera/google-cloud-digital-leader-training/exploring-data-transformation-with-google-cloud.pdf) |
| [Digital Transformation with Google Cloud](https://www.coursera.org/learn/digital-transformation-google-cloud?specialization=google-cloud-digital-leader-training) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/01-01-coursera/google-cloud-digital-leader-training/digital-transformation-with-google-cloud.pdf) |

| Course | Certificate |
| :----- | :----- |
| [**Architecting with Google Compute Engine Specialization**](https://www.coursera.org/specializations/gcp-architecture) | **QUEUED** |
| [Reliable Google Cloud Infrastructure: Design and Process]() | **QUEUED** |
| [Elastic Google Cloud Infrastructure: Scaling and Automation](https://www.coursera.org/learn/gcp-infrastructure-scaling-automation?specialization=gcp-architecture) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/01-01-coursera/architecting-with-google-compute-engine-specialization/elastic-google-cloud-infrastructure-scaling-and-automation.pdf) |
| [Essential Google Cloud Infrastructure: Core Services](https://www.coursera.org/learn/gcp-infrastructure-core-services?specialization=gcp-architecture) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/01-01-coursera/architecting-with-google-compute-engine-specialization/essential-google-cloud-infrastructure-core-services.pdf) |
| [Essential Google Cloud Infrastructure: Foundation](https://www.coursera.org/learn/gcp-infrastructure-foundation?specialization=gcp-architecture) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/01-01-coursera/architecting-with-google-compute-engine-specialization/essential-google-cloud-infrastructure-foundation.pdf) |
| [Google Cloud Fundamentals: Core Infrastructure](https://www.coursera.org/learn/gcp-fundamentals?specialization=gcp-architecture) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/01-01-coursera/architecting-with-google-compute-engine-specialization/google-cloud-fundamentals-core-infrastructure.pdf) |

| Course | Certificate |
| :----- | :----- |
| [**Architecting with Google Kubernetes Engine Specialization**](https://www.coursera.org/specializations/architecting-google-kubernetes-engine) | **QUEUED** |
| [Architecting with Google Kubernetes Engine: Production](https://www.coursera.org/learn/deploying-secure-kubernetes-containers-in-production?specialization=architecting-google-kubernetes-engine) | **QUEUED** |
| [Architecting with Google Kubernetes Engine: Workloads](https://www.coursera.org/learn/deploying-workloads-google-kubernetes-engine-gke?specialization=architecting-google-kubernetes-engine) | **QUEUED** |
| [Getting Started with Google Kubernetes Engine](https://www.coursera.org/learn/google-kubernetes-engine?specialization=architecting-google-kubernetes-engine) | **QUEUED** |

| Course | Certificate |
| :----- | :----- |
| [**Security in Google Cloud Specialization**](https://www.coursera.org/specializations/security-google-cloud-platform) | **QUEUED** |
| [Mitigating Security Vulnerabilities on Google Cloud](https://www.coursera.org/learn/mitigating-security-vulnerabilites-gcp?specialization=security-google-cloud-platform) | **QUEUED** |
| [Security Best Practices in Google Cloud](https://www.coursera.org/learn/security-best-practices-in-google-cloud?specialization=security-google-cloud-platform) | **QUEUED** |
| [Managing Security in Google Cloud](https://www.coursera.org/learn/managing-security-in-google-cloud-platform?specialization=security-google-cloud-platform) | **QUEUED** |
| [Google Cloud Fundamentals: Core Infrastructure](https://www.coursera.org/learn/gcp-fundamentals?specialization=security-google-cloud-platform) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/01-01-coursera/security-in-google-cloud-specialization/google-cloud-fundamentals-core-infrastructure.pdf) |

| Course | Certificate |
| :----- | :----- |
| [**Networking in Google Cloud Specialization**](https://www.coursera.org/specializations/networking-google-cloud-platform) | **QUEUED** |
| [Networking in Google Cloud: Routing and Addressing](https://www.coursera.org/learn/networking-gcp-hybrid-connectivity-network-management?specialization=networking-google-cloud-platform) | **QUEUED** |
| [Networking in Google Cloud: Fundamentals](https://www.coursera.org/learn/networking-gcp-defining-implementing-networks?specialization=networking-google-cloud-platform) | **QUEUED** |
| [Google Cloud Fundamentals: Core Infrastructure](https://www.coursera.org/learn/gcp-fundamentals?specialization=networking-google-cloud-platform) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/01-01-coursera/networking-in-google-cloud-specialization/google-cloud-fundamentals-core-infrastructure.pdf) |

### QA

| Course | Certificate |
| :----- | :----- |
| [Google Associate Cloud Engineer Exam Preparation](https://platform.qa.com/learning-paths/google-associate-cloud-engineer-exam-preparation-844/) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/02-01-cloudacademy/google-associate-cloud-engineer-exam-preparation.pdf) |
| [Google Cloud Digital Leader Exam Preparation](https://platform.qa.com/learning-paths/google-cloud-digital-leader-exam-preparation-1-4155/) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/02-01-cloudacademy/google-cloud-digital-leader-exam-preparation.pdf) |
| [Google BigQuery](https://platform.qa.com/learning-paths/google-bigquery-44/) | **QUEUED** |
| [Developing for Google Kubernetes Engine](https://platform.qa.com/learning-paths/developing-for-google-kubernetes-engine-3754/) | **QUEUED** |
| [Architecting with Google Kubernetes Engine](https://platform.qa.com/learning-paths/architecting-with-google-kubernetes-engine-3751/) | **QUEUED** |
| [Google Cloud Platform for Cloud Engineers](https://platform.qa.com/learning-paths/google-cloud-platform-for-system-administrators-56/) | **QUEUED** |
| [Deepen Your GCP Knowledge](https://platform.qa.com/learning-paths/deepen-your-gcp-knowledge-5665/) | **QUEUED** |
| [Google Cloud Platform Technical Essentials](https://platform.qa.com/learning-paths/google-cloud-platform-technical-essentials-3755/) | **QUEUED** |
| [Google Cloud Platform Fundamentals](https://platform.qa.com/learning-paths/google-cloud-platform-fundamentals-54/) | **QUEUED** |

### A Cloud Guru

| Course | Certificate |
| :----- | :----- |
| [Google Certified Associate Cloud Engineer](https://www.pluralsight.com/cloud-guru/courses/google-certified-associate-cloud-engineer) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/03-01-acloudguru/google-certified-associate-cloud-engineer.pdf) |
| [Google Cloud Certified Cloud Digital Leader](https://www.pluralsight.com/cloud-guru/courses/google-cloud-certified-cloud-digital-leader) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/03-01-acloudguru/google-cloud-certified-cloud-digital-leader.pdf) |
| [Learn Google Cloud by Doing](https://learn.acloud.guru/course/a872a5e6-b6b6-493b-ba82-f8dba48c161c/overview) | **QUEUED** |
| [GCP Cost Optimization Deep Dive](https://learn.acloud.guru/course/gcp-cost-optimization-deep-dive/overview) | **QUEUED** |
| [Infrastructure as Code on GCP with Deployment Manager](https://learn.acloud.guru/course/iac-on-gcp-with-deployment-manager/overview) | **QUEUED** |
| [Workflow Orchestration with Google Cloud Composer](https://learn.acloud.guru/course/fad54c6b-dcf9-4905-961b-98eac94ac49e/overview) | **QUEUED** |
| [Google Cloud AI Services Deep Dive](https://learn.acloud.guru/course/b8caf0e5-1776-4948-a9ba-2a80826461eb/overview) | **QUEUED** |
| [Google Cloud SQL Deep Dive](https://learn.acloud.guru/course/be7dc98c-899d-41c3-8be6-41568b5abff9/overview) | **QUEUED** |
| [Architecting Deployment Pipelines on GCP](https://learn.acloud.guru/course/fe1af44e-c7e1-4eec-a2ff-8ad26f6dd52c/overview) | **QUEUED** |
| [Hands-On with Google Cloud Functions](https://learn.acloud.guru/course/fcdb2d9e-001c-4a69-88dc-76615e2a22a5/overview) | **QUEUED** |
| [Google Cloud Functions Deep Dive](https://learn.acloud.guru/course/8bd9dcda-5bb8-4049-bcd9-870d93698486/overview) | **QUEUED** |
| [Google Cloud Run Deep Dive](https://learn.acloud.guru/course/67fbd730-5b17-4423-a7a6-89637548af92/overview) | **QUEUED** |
| [Launching and Updating a Website Using Cloud Run](https://learn.acloud.guru/course/fcb2ac86-2310-422a-a7e9-0c0c20760408/overview) | **QUEUED** |
| [Introduction to Serverless on Google Cloud](https://learn.acloud.guru/course/intro-to-serverless-on-google-cloud/overview) | **QUEUED** |
| [Running Linux Servers on Google Cloud](https://learn.acloud.guru/course/9fba6023-fad6-4543-a77e-8868b001466b/dashboard) | **QUEUED** |
| [Advanced Google Cloud Compute Engine](https://learn.acloud.guru/course/0ad7e9cc-5f8a-46c4-a803-2cdac88828e3/overview) | **QUEUED** |
| [Google Cloud Security Essentials](https://learn.acloud.guru/course/b1b2e481-6128-4539-baf2-0f1034be35b5/overview) | **QUEUED** |
| [Google Cloud Identity and Access Management (IAM) Deep Dive](https://learn.acloud.guru/course/aea1a9e7-76a3-4a1c-85df-563e1c770c06/overview) | **QUEUED** |
| [Introduction to Google Cloud Security](https://learn.acloud.guru/course/b624331f-8c99-49b2-86e9-30301ea9a732/overview) | **QUEUED** |
| [Establishing an Organization on Google Cloud Platform](https://learn.acloud.guru/course/establishing-an-organization-on-gcp/overview) | **QUEUED** |
| [Google Cloud Essentials](https://learn.acloud.guru/course/e927f4b5-b7c3-4619-b3c6-e529c1ceca00/overview) | **QUEUED** |
| [Introduction to Google Cloud](https://learn.acloud.guru/course/d6fb013d-ab5b-440d-b2f0-ba51b650e6e2/overview) | **QUEUED** |
| [Crash Course on Google Cloud Platform](https://learn.acloud.guru/course/gcp-101/overview) | **QUEUED** |
| [Overview of Google Cloud](https://learn.acloud.guru/course/66ef2605-0227-437d-81c4-2e3b3b3d60ff/overview) | **QUEUED** |

### Google Cloud Skills Boost

| [**Cloud Engineer Learning Path**](https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/paths/11) |  |
| :----- | :----- |
| [Build Infrastructure with Terraform on Google Cloud](https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/paths/11/course_templates/636) | [**LINK**](https://www.credly.com/badges/bc882b72-5a4b-4bfb-8e90-866bd5402a52/public_url) |
| [Develop your Google Cloud Network](https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/paths/11/course_templates/625) | [**LINK**](https://www.credly.com/badges/e0d174d7-0247-430c-9653-02ee04174744/public_url) |
| [Set Up an App Dev Environment on Google Cloud](https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/paths/11/course_templates/637) | [**LINK**](https://www.credly.com/badges/ccbb1890-a9a3-4a23-8e3c-52876c5dbafc/public_url) |
| [Implement Load Balancing on Compute Engine](https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/paths/11/course_templates/648) | [**LINK**](https://www.credly.com/badges/1d702ede-b34d-406f-89e8-e5beb8389b5c/public_url) |
| [Getting Started with Terraform for Google Cloud](https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/paths/11/course_templates/443) | [**LINK**](https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/public_profiles/93955917-e174-4ff0-addf-c98b6f3a9dcb/badges/10917903) |
| [Observability in Google Cloud](https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/paths/11/course_templates/864) | [**LINK**](https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/public_profiles/93955917-e174-4ff0-addf-c98b6f3a9dcb/badges/10739551) |
| [Logging and Monitoring in Google Cloud](https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/paths/11/course_templates/99) | [**LINK**](https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/public_profiles/93955917-e174-4ff0-addf-c98b6f3a9dcb/badges/10672318) |
| [Getting Started with Google Kubernetes Engine](https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/paths/11/course_templates/2) | [**LINK**](https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/public_profiles/93955917-e174-4ff0-addf-c98b6f3a9dcb/badges/10556976) |
| [Elastic Google Cloud Infrastructure: Scaling and Automation](https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/paths/11/course_templates/178) | [**LINK**](https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/public_profiles/93955917-e174-4ff0-addf-c98b6f3a9dcb/badges/10502497) |
| [Essential Google Cloud Infrastructure: Core Services](https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/paths/11/course_templates/49) | [**LINK**](https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/public_profiles/93955917-e174-4ff0-addf-c98b6f3a9dcb/badges/9996041) |
| [Essential Google Cloud Infrastructure: Foundation](https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/paths/11/course_templates/50) | [**LINK**](https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/public_profiles/93955917-e174-4ff0-addf-c98b6f3a9dcb/badges/9900046) |
| [Google Cloud Fundamentals: Core Infrastructure](https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/paths/11/course_templates/60) | [**LINK**](https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/public_profiles/93955917-e174-4ff0-addf-c98b6f3a9dcb/badges/9857451) |
| [Preparing for Your Associate Cloud Engineer Journey](https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/paths/11/course_templates/77) | [**LINK**](https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/public_profiles/93955917-e174-4ff0-addf-c98b6f3a9dcb/badges/9808697) |

| [**Cloud Digital Leader Learning Path**](https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/paths/9) |  |
| :----- | :----- |
| [Scaling with Google Cloud Operations](https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/paths/9/course_templates/271) | [**LINK**](https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/public_profiles/93955917-e174-4ff0-addf-c98b6f3a9dcb/badges/5041150) |
| [Trust and Security with Google Cloud](https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/paths/9/course_templates/945) | [**LINK**](https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/public_profiles/93955917-e174-4ff0-addf-c98b6f3a9dcb/badges/9317689) |
| [Modernize Infrastructure and Applications with Google Cloud](https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/paths/9/course_templates/265) | [**LINK**](https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/public_profiles/93955917-e174-4ff0-addf-c98b6f3a9dcb/badges/5037838) |
| [Innovating with Google Cloud Artificial Intelligence](https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/paths/9/course_templates/946) | [**LINK**](https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/public_profiles/93955917-e174-4ff0-addf-c98b6f3a9dcb/badges/9305170) |
| [Exploring Data Transformation with Google Cloud](https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/paths/9/course_templates/267) | [**LINK**](https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/public_profiles/93955917-e174-4ff0-addf-c98b6f3a9dcb/badges/5014729) |
| [Digital Transformation with Google Cloud](https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/paths/9/course_templates/266) | [**LINK**](https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/public_profiles/93955917-e174-4ff0-addf-c98b6f3a9dcb/badges/5002699) |
