courses/02-terraform.md, before:

### Coursera

| Course | Certificate |
| :----- | :----- |
| [Exam Prep: HashiCorp Certified Terraform Associate (003)](https://www.coursera.org/learn/exam-prep-hashicorp-certified-terraform-associate-003) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/01-01-coursera/exam-prep-hashicorp-certified-terraform-associate-003.pdf) |
| [Getting Started with Terraform for Google Cloud](https://www.coursera.org/learn/getting-started-with-terraform-for-google-cloud) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/01-01-coursera/getting-started-with-terraform-for-google-cloud.pdf) |
| [Infrastructure Automation with Terraform](https://www.coursera.org/learn/infrastructure-automation-with-terraform) | **QUEUED** |
| [Introduction to Terraform](https://www.coursera.org/learn/codio-terraform) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/01-01-coursera/introduction-to-terraform.pdf) |

### QA

| Course | Certificate |
| :----- | :----- |
| [Terraform Associate Certification Exam Preparation](https://platform.qa.com/learning-paths/terraform-associate-certification-exam-preparation-1-2814/) | **_IN PROGRESS_** |

### A Cloud Guru

| Course | Certificate |
| :----- | :----- |
| [HashiCorp Certified Terraform Associate](https://www.pluralsight.com/cloud-guru/courses/hashicorp-certified-terraform-associate) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/03-01-acloudguru/hashicorp-certified-terraform-associate.pdf) |

### Udemy

| Course | Certificate |
| :----- | :----- |
| [HashiCorp Certified: Terraform Associate - Hands-On Labs](https://www.udemy.com/course/terraform-hands-on-labs/) | **QUEUED** |
| [HashiCorp Certified: Terraform Associate 2024](https://www.udemy.com/course/terraform-beginner-to-advanced/) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/04-01-udemy/hashi-corp-certified-terraform-associate-2021.pdf) |
| [HashiCorp Certified: Terraform Associate Prep Course](https://www.udemy.com/course/terraform-associate-prep-course/) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/04-01-udemy/terraform-associate-prep-course-2020.pdf) |

Commit message:

Add QA courses in Terraform section

courses/02-terraform.md, after:

### Coursera

| Course | Certificate |
| :----- | :----- |
| [Exam Prep: HashiCorp Certified Terraform Associate (003)](https://www.coursera.org/learn/exam-prep-hashicorp-certified-terraform-associate-003) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/01-01-coursera/exam-prep-hashicorp-certified-terraform-associate-003.pdf) |
| [Getting Started with Terraform for Google Cloud](https://www.coursera.org/learn/getting-started-with-terraform-for-google-cloud) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/01-01-coursera/getting-started-with-terraform-for-google-cloud.pdf) |
| [Infrastructure Automation with Terraform](https://www.coursera.org/learn/infrastructure-automation-with-terraform) | **QUEUED** |
| [Introduction to Terraform](https://www.coursera.org/learn/codio-terraform) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/01-01-coursera/introduction-to-terraform.pdf) |

### QA

| Course | Certificate |
| :----- | :----- |
| [Terraform Associate Certification Exam Preparation](https://platform.qa.com/learning-paths/terraform-associate-certification-exam-preparation-1-2814/) | **_IN PROGRESS_** |
| [The Infrastructure Developer's Guide to Terraform: GCP Edition](https://platform.qa.com/learning-paths/terraform-on-gcp-4773/) | **QUEUED** |
| [Solving Infrastructure Challenges with Terraform](https://platform.qa.com/learning-paths/solving-infrastructure-challenges-with-terraform-197/) | **QUEUED** |

### A Cloud Guru

| Course | Certificate |
| :----- | :----- |
| [HashiCorp Certified Terraform Associate](https://www.pluralsight.com/cloud-guru/courses/hashicorp-certified-terraform-associate) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/03-01-acloudguru/hashicorp-certified-terraform-associate.pdf) |

### Udemy

| Course | Certificate |
| :----- | :----- |
| [HashiCorp Certified: Terraform Associate - Hands-On Labs](https://www.udemy.com/course/terraform-hands-on-labs/) | **QUEUED** |
| [HashiCorp Certified: Terraform Associate 2024](https://www.udemy.com/course/terraform-beginner-to-advanced/) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/04-01-udemy/hashi-corp-certified-terraform-associate-2021.pdf) |
| [HashiCorp Certified: Terraform Associate Prep Course](https://www.udemy.com/course/terraform-associate-prep-course/) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/04-01-udemy/terraform-associate-prep-course-2020.pdf) |
