courses/03-linux.md, before:

### Coursera

| Course | Certificate |
| :----- | :----- |
| [**Python, Bash and SQL Essentials for Data Engineering Specialization**](https://www.coursera.org/specializations/python-bash-sql-data-engineering-duke) | **QUEUED** |
| [Web Applications and Command-Line Tools for Data Engineering](https://www.coursera.org/learn/web-app-command-line-tools-for-data-engineering-duke?specialization=python-bash-sql-data-engineering-duke) | **QUEUED** |
| [Scripting with Python and SQL for Data Engineering](https://www.coursera.org/learn/scripting-with-python-sql-for-data-engineering-duke?specialization=python-bash-sql-data-engineering-duke) | **QUEUED** |
| [Linux and Bash for Data Engineering](https://www.coursera.org/learn/linux-and-bash-for-data-engineering-duke?specialization=python-bash-sql-data-engineering-duke) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/01-01-coursera/python-bash-and-sql-essentials-for-data-engineering-specialization/linux-and-bash-for-data-engineering.pdf) |
| [Python and Pandas for Data Engineering](https://www.coursera.org/learn/python-and-pandas-for-data-engineering-duke?specialization=python-bash-sql-data-engineering-duke) | **QUEUED** |

| Course | Certificate |
| :----- | :----- |
| [**Unix and Bash for Beginners Specialization**](https://www.coursera.org/specializations/unix-and-bash-for-beginners) | **QUEUED** |
| [Container Creation and Orchestration Basics](https://www.coursera.org/learn/codio-container-creation-and-orchestration-basics?specialization=unix-and-bash-for-beginners) | **QUEUED** |
| [Connecting to Devices and Networks](https://www.coursera.org/learn/codio-connecting-to-devices-and-networks?specialization=unix-and-bash-for-beginners) | **QUEUED** |
| [Bash Scripting and System Configuration](https://www.coursera.org/learn/codio-bash-scripting-and-system-configuration?specialization=unix-and-bash-for-beginners) | **QUEUED** |
| [Unix System Basics](https://www.coursera.org/learn/codio-unix-system-basics?specialization=unix-and-bash-for-beginners) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/01-01-coursera/unix-and-bash-for-beginners-specialization/unix-system-basics.pdf) |

| Course | Certificate |
| :----- | :----- |
| [Linux OS - Master's](https://www.coursera.org/learn/illinois-tech-linux-os?specialization=iit-information-technology-and-management) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/01-01-coursera/linux-os-masters.pdf) |
| [Linux Fundamentals](https://www.coursera.org/learn/linux-fundamentals) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/01-01-coursera/linux-fundamentals.pdf) |

### QA

| Course | Certificate |
| :----- | :----- |
| [Vim Masterclass](https://platform.qa.com/learning-paths/vim-masterclass-3024/) | **QUEUED** |
| [Bash Challenge Gauntlet](https://platform.qa.com/learning-paths/bash-challenge-gauntlet-7280/) | **QUEUED** |
| [Bash Scripting and Shell Programming](https://platform.qa.com/learning-paths/bash-scripting-and-shell-programming-3021/) | **QUEUED** |
| [Linux Shell Scripting: A Project-Based Approach to Learning](https://platform.qa.com/learning-paths/linux-shell-scripting-3094/) | **_IN PROGRESS_** |
| [Linux Command Line Byte Session](https://platform.qa.com/learning-paths/linux-command-line-byte-session-273/) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/02-01-cloudacademy/linux-command-line-byte-session.pdf) |
| [Learn Linux in 5 Days and Level Up Your Career](https://platform.qa.com/learning-paths/learn-linux-in-5-days-3022/) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/02-01-cloudacademy/learn-linux-in-5-days-and-level-up-your-career.pdf) |

### A Cloud Guru

| Course | Certificate |
| :----- | :----- |
| [LPI Linux Essentials Certification](https://www.pluralsight.com/cloud-guru/courses/lpi-linux-essentials-certification) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/03-01-acloudguru/lpi-linux-essentials-certification.pdf) |
| [Multi-Session with screen](https://learn.acloud.guru/course/multi-session-with-screen/overview) | **QUEUED** |
| [Advanced Vim Customization](https://learn.acloud.guru/course/f50018e8-35d4-491a-9fca-e380a202ef8e/overview) | **QUEUED** |
| [Text Editing with Vim](https://learn.acloud.guru/course/1e7d70bd-fd79-4310-a0f5-1d135b2548bd/overview) | **QUEUED** |
| [Vim - The Improved Editor](https://learn.acloud.guru/course/85a18eac-0e55-419e-a416-301beed637e6/overview) | **QUEUED** |
| [The System Administrator’s Guide to Bash Scripting - NEW 2020](https://learn.acloud.guru/course/admin-guide-to-bash-scripting/overview) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/03-01-acloudguru/the-system-administrators-guide-to-bash-scripting-new-2020.pdf) |
| [The System Administrator's Guide to Bash Scripting](https://learn.acloud.guru/course/bccc6769-38e7-4a7f-8255-6914b7244caf/overview) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/03-01-acloudguru/the-system-administrators-guide-to-bash-scripting.pdf) |
| [Introduction to Linux Virtualization from the Command Line](https://learn.acloud.guru/course/introduction-to-linux-virtualization-from-the-command-line/dashboard) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/03-01-acloudguru/introduction-to-linux-virtualization-from-the-command-line.pdf) |
| [Overview of Linux](https://learn.acloud.guru/course/overview-of-linux/overview) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/03-01-acloudguru/overview-of-linux.pdf) |

### Udemy

| Course | Certificate |
| :----- | :----- |
| [LPI Linux Essentials (010-160) Complete Course and Exams](https://www.udemy.com/course/linux-essentials-010/) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/04-01-udemy/lpi-linux-essentials-010-160-complete-course-and-exams.pdf) |
| [Learning Linux Essentials: Taking your first steps in Linux](https://www.udemy.com/course/learning-linux-essentials-taking-your-first-steps-in-linux/) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/04-01-udemy/learning-linux-essentials-taking-your-first-steps-in-linux.pdf) |

### edX

| Course | Certificate |
| :----- | :----- |
| [IBM: Linux Commands & Shell Scripting](https://www.edx.org/learn/linux/ibm-linux-commands-shell-scripting) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/05-01-edx/lx0117en-linux-commands-and-shell-scripting.pdf) |
| [DartmouthX, IMTx: Linux Basics: The Command Line Interface](https://www.edx.org/learn/linux/dartmouth-college-linux-basics-the-command-line-interface) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/05-01-edx/dart_imt_C_06-linux-basics-the-command-line-interface.pdf) |
| [LinuxFoundationX: Introduction to Linux](https://www.edx.org/learn/linux/the-linux-foundation-introduction-to-linux) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/05-01-edx/lfs101x-introduction-to-linux.pdf) |

Commit message:

Add Udemy courses in Linux

courses/03-linux.md, after:

### Coursera

| Course | Certificate |
| :----- | :----- |
| [**Python, Bash and SQL Essentials for Data Engineering Specialization**](https://www.coursera.org/specializations/python-bash-sql-data-engineering-duke) | **QUEUED** |
| [Web Applications and Command-Line Tools for Data Engineering](https://www.coursera.org/learn/web-app-command-line-tools-for-data-engineering-duke?specialization=python-bash-sql-data-engineering-duke) | **QUEUED** |
| [Scripting with Python and SQL for Data Engineering](https://www.coursera.org/learn/scripting-with-python-sql-for-data-engineering-duke?specialization=python-bash-sql-data-engineering-duke) | **QUEUED** |
| [Linux and Bash for Data Engineering](https://www.coursera.org/learn/linux-and-bash-for-data-engineering-duke?specialization=python-bash-sql-data-engineering-duke) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/01-01-coursera/python-bash-and-sql-essentials-for-data-engineering-specialization/linux-and-bash-for-data-engineering.pdf) |
| [Python and Pandas for Data Engineering](https://www.coursera.org/learn/python-and-pandas-for-data-engineering-duke?specialization=python-bash-sql-data-engineering-duke) | **QUEUED** |

| Course | Certificate |
| :----- | :----- |
| [**Unix and Bash for Beginners Specialization**](https://www.coursera.org/specializations/unix-and-bash-for-beginners) | **QUEUED** |
| [Container Creation and Orchestration Basics](https://www.coursera.org/learn/codio-container-creation-and-orchestration-basics?specialization=unix-and-bash-for-beginners) | **QUEUED** |
| [Connecting to Devices and Networks](https://www.coursera.org/learn/codio-connecting-to-devices-and-networks?specialization=unix-and-bash-for-beginners) | **QUEUED** |
| [Bash Scripting and System Configuration](https://www.coursera.org/learn/codio-bash-scripting-and-system-configuration?specialization=unix-and-bash-for-beginners) | **QUEUED** |
| [Unix System Basics](https://www.coursera.org/learn/codio-unix-system-basics?specialization=unix-and-bash-for-beginners) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/01-01-coursera/unix-and-bash-for-beginners-specialization/unix-system-basics.pdf) |

| Course | Certificate |
| :----- | :----- |
| [Linux OS - Master's](https://www.coursera.org/learn/illinois-tech-linux-os?specialization=iit-information-technology-and-management) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/01-01-coursera/linux-os-masters.pdf) |
| [Linux Fundamentals](https://www.coursera.org/learn/linux-fundamentals) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/01-01-coursera/linux-fundamentals.pdf) |

### QA

| Course | Certificate |
| :----- | :----- |
| [Vim Masterclass](https://platform.qa.com/learning-paths/vim-masterclass-3024/) | **QUEUED** |
| [Bash Challenge Gauntlet](https://platform.qa.com/learning-paths/bash-challenge-gauntlet-7280/) | **QUEUED** |
| [Bash Scripting and Shell Programming](https://platform.qa.com/learning-paths/bash-scripting-and-shell-programming-3021/) | **QUEUED** |
| [Linux Shell Scripting: A Project-Based Approach to Learning](https://platform.qa.com/learning-paths/linux-shell-scripting-3094/) | **_IN PROGRESS_** |
| [Linux Command Line Byte Session](https://platform.qa.com/learning-paths/linux-command-line-byte-session-273/) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/02-01-cloudacademy/linux-command-line-byte-session.pdf) |
| [Learn Linux in 5 Days and Level Up Your Career](https://platform.qa.com/learning-paths/learn-linux-in-5-days-3022/) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/02-01-cloudacademy/learn-linux-in-5-days-and-level-up-your-career.pdf) |

### A Cloud Guru

| Course | Certificate |
| :----- | :----- |
| [LPI Linux Essentials Certification](https://www.pluralsight.com/cloud-guru/courses/lpi-linux-essentials-certification) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/03-01-acloudguru/lpi-linux-essentials-certification.pdf) |
| [Multi-Session with screen](https://learn.acloud.guru/course/multi-session-with-screen/overview) | **QUEUED** |
| [Advanced Vim Customization](https://learn.acloud.guru/course/f50018e8-35d4-491a-9fca-e380a202ef8e/overview) | **QUEUED** |
| [Text Editing with Vim](https://learn.acloud.guru/course/1e7d70bd-fd79-4310-a0f5-1d135b2548bd/overview) | **QUEUED** |
| [Vim - The Improved Editor](https://learn.acloud.guru/course/85a18eac-0e55-419e-a416-301beed637e6/overview) | **QUEUED** |
| [The System Administrator’s Guide to Bash Scripting - NEW 2020](https://learn.acloud.guru/course/admin-guide-to-bash-scripting/overview) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/03-01-acloudguru/the-system-administrators-guide-to-bash-scripting-new-2020.pdf) |
| [The System Administrator's Guide to Bash Scripting](https://learn.acloud.guru/course/bccc6769-38e7-4a7f-8255-6914b7244caf/overview) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/03-01-acloudguru/the-system-administrators-guide-to-bash-scripting.pdf) |
| [Introduction to Linux Virtualization from the Command Line](https://learn.acloud.guru/course/introduction-to-linux-virtualization-from-the-command-line/dashboard) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/03-01-acloudguru/introduction-to-linux-virtualization-from-the-command-line.pdf) |
| [Overview of Linux](https://learn.acloud.guru/course/overview-of-linux/overview) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/03-01-acloudguru/overview-of-linux.pdf) |

### Udemy

| Course | Certificate |
| :----- | :----- |
| [LPI Linux Essentials (010-160) Complete Course and Exams](https://www.udemy.com/course/linux-essentials-010/) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/04-01-udemy/lpi-linux-essentials-010-160-complete-course-and-exams.pdf) |
| [Learning Linux Essentials: Taking your first steps in Linux](https://www.udemy.com/course/learning-linux-essentials-taking-your-first-steps-in-linux/) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/04-01-udemy/learning-linux-essentials-taking-your-first-steps-in-linux.pdf) |
| [Linux Mastery: Master the Linux Command Line in 11.5 Hours](https://www.udemy.com/course/linux-mastery/) | **QUEUED** |
| [Bash Mastery: The Complete Guide to Bash Shell Scripting](https://www.udemy.com/course/bash-mastery/) | **QUEUED** |
| [Bash Scripting and Shell Programming (Linux Command Line)](https://www.udemy.com/course/bash-scripting/) | **QUEUED** |
| [The Linux Command Line Bootcamp: Beginner To Power User](https://www.udemy.com/course/the-linux-command-line-bootcamp/) | **QUEUED** |
| [Complete Linux Bash Shell Scripting with Real Life Examples](https://www.udemy.com/course/linux-bash-shell-scripting-through-real-life-examples/) | **QUEUED** |
| [Linux Shell Scripting: A Project-Based Approach to Learning](https://www.udemy.com/course/linux-shell-scripting-projects/) | **QUEUED** |
| [Bash Shell Scripting: Crash Course For Beginners](https://www.udemy.com/course/bash-shell-scripting-crash-course-for-beginners/) | **QUEUED** |

### edX

| Course | Certificate |
| :----- | :----- |
| [IBM: Linux Commands & Shell Scripting](https://www.edx.org/learn/linux/ibm-linux-commands-shell-scripting) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/05-01-edx/lx0117en-linux-commands-and-shell-scripting.pdf) |
| [DartmouthX, IMTx: Linux Basics: The Command Line Interface](https://www.edx.org/learn/linux/dartmouth-college-linux-basics-the-command-line-interface) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/05-01-edx/dart_imt_C_06-linux-basics-the-command-line-interface.pdf) |
| [LinuxFoundationX: Introduction to Linux](https://www.edx.org/learn/linux/the-linux-foundation-introduction-to-linux) | [**LINK**](https://storage.googleapis.com/course-certificates/05-01-edx/lfs101x-introduction-to-linux.pdf) |
